<h1>Use QR codes to create short URLs and track views</h1>

--------------------------------------------------META TAGS --------------------------------------------------
Meta Title: Use QR codes to create short URLs and track views
Meta Description:  Creating short URLs with QR codes enables view tracking. It's a useful feature that helps in monitoring marketing campaigns.

------------------------------------------- SHORT TEXTS------------------------------------------------
Short Text - 1. PRO   site,   page   “Create   new   code”,   icon   “i”   next   to   the   “Create   a   short   url”   header 

Title: Create Short URL QR Codes That Track Views
Description: Generate a shortened alias of your webpage URL and track who, where, and how users are scanning it.


------------------------------------------- ARTICLE ----------------------------------------------------
Use QR codes to create short URLs and track views

‘If you can’t measure it, you can’t improve it’ -- Peter Drucker

The oft-repeated saying applies when you’re making QR codes part of your marketing campaign.

If you’re clueless about how many scans the QR Code generated over the past week, or which cities that generate the most hits, you won’t know if the campaign is on track for success.

Now, not all QR codes are trackable. You need to create the right QR codes and ensure that they are linked to a tracking module.
Why Create Short URLs with QR Codes?
A short URL is a shortened link address that redirects the user to the intended webpage.

For example, here’s a short URL: http://s.qrs.re/fsm2ru

It points to our resource page, which has the full URL: https://scanmefindme.com/en/resources

If you encode the full URL into the QR code, you will still direct users to the respective webpage. However, you couldn’t tap into the full benefits that QR codes could offer.

QR codes that encode short URLs are what you call a dynamic QR code. With a dynamic QR code, you have more flexibility in editing the destination content and also track users that scan the QR code.
How To Track Views With QR Code
When you generate a dynamic QR code with our PRO QR generator, it is automatically linked to our tracking tools.

When a user scans the QR code and is redirected to the destination webpage, ScanMeFindMe traces key metrics from the device and saves them on the dashboard.

From the statistics, you will discover how many scans are generated by a particular QR code and how many of them are unique hits. Unique hits are scans generated from different devices. Often, it means different individuals are scanning the QR code.

Also, you’ll get a monthly and daily breakdown of the scans, which helps in determining the peak hours or any distinct patterns where users frequent your website.

The charts help marketers to fine-tune their campaigns to increase conversion and sales. For example, an online retailer can run targeted promotions during the hours when it’s anticipating peak traffic.



There’s more to getting the number of total hits with our QR code tracker. You’ll get access to details like the number of scans by OS, language, city, and country.

These metrics provide insights into how your campaign is faring at a deeper level. For example, if you’re promoting an app developed for Android users, you’ll want scans originating from the Android platform.

Marketers targeting the global audience can personalize their campaigns based on how users in the respective cities or countries are responding.

The figures help with other marketing strategies and serve as an early indicator of which region is more likely to generate an impactful engagement.
Bottom Line
If you wanted to set up a data-driven QR code campaign, you’ll need dynamic QR codes and a reliable, hassle-free tracking module. You don’t want to spend up hours setting up the analytics or generating the reports.

ScanMeFindMe PRO takes care of the technical stuff, which means you can start generating QR codes that automatically track views in no time.

Try ScanMeFindMe PRO for free now.

